Update 04-introduction-to-web-technologies.md (#3)
acceleratingdigitalskills/cli-and-web-for-music: episodes/04-introduction-to-web-technologies.md

- *domain name*: points us to the location of the remote server in human-readable form
- *port*: an integer that is used to further specify where to look on the remote server 
- *path*: where the remote resource is located within the organisational structure of the server

> - *parameters*: a list of key-value pairs, separated by the `&` symbol which modify the resource returned in some way. The associated URL has two key-value pairs, the first associated with value 1, the second with value 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *parameters*: a list of key-value pairs, separated by the `&` symbol which modify the resource returned in some way. The associated URL has two key-value pairs, the first associated with `value1`, the second with `value2`.
```

Reviewer: This is closer to the example but probably needs changing in the long run
